---
layout: archive
title: "Publications"
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---
More info about Li Song can be found in [Research Gate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Li_Song60).or [Google Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/citations?user=CyNM5yIAAAAJ&hl=enmight).<br>
<!-- The [googlewebsite](https://sites.google.com/view/lisong2019/home) also be helpful.
<a href="https://lisong2019.github.io/lisong.github.io/files/PAPER/Intersections.pdf">[paper2]</a>-->

<!--**Under Review:**
======
_(note: corresponding author is noted with #; cooperative first author is noted with *;)_<br>

1. Wu, P., Meng, X.#, **Song, L.** What is the Systematic Risk and Individual Risk of Urban Crashes Based on Different Crash Types? Evidence from Shenzhen City, China. <i>Journal of Transportation Research Record</i> (under review)
-->
_**Total: 33 ；SCI: 27； EI: 5 ；Others: 1** (note: corresponding author is noted with #; cooperative first author is noted with *;)_<be>


**Journal Article:**  
====== 
1. **<u>Song, L.</u>**，Li, S., Yang, Q., Liu, B., Lyu, N., # Fan, W. (2025). Partially temporally constrained modeling of speeding crash-injury severities on freeways and non-freeways before, during, and after the stay-at-home order. <i>Accident Analysis and Prevention</i>. In Press. (**SCI, Q1**)
1. **<u>Song, L.</u>**，Lin, Y., Xu, G., Zhang, X.,# Liu, W., Liu, B., Chen, G. (2025). Spatiotemporal crash outliers are also noteworthy: evidence from 13 years of pedestrian-vehicle crashes in North Carolina. <i>Injury Prevention</i> (**SCI, Q2**) 
2. Luo, S., Liu, B., **<u>Song, L.#</u>**, Xia, J. (2024). A Field Study about the Effects of Asymmetric Visual Perception on Lateral Driving Behaviors on Curves. <i>Journal of Transportation Engineering, Part A: Systems.</i>  （**SCI**）
3. Feng, L., Zhao, X.#, Chen, Z., **<u>Song, L.</u>** (2024). An adaptive coupled control method based on vehicles platooning for intersection controller and vehicle trajectories in mixed traffic. <i>IET Intelligent Transport Systems.</i>（**SCI**）
4. Zhang, X., Guo, X., Yu, H., Guo, Y., **<u>Song L.,</u>** Zhao, X. (2024) 3D visualisation method for urban road waterlogging based on mobile augmented reality. <i>International Journal of Digital Earth.</i> 17(1). 2378823.（**SCI**）
1. **<u>Song, L.</u>** and Fan, W.#, (2023). Performance of State-Shared Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning Controlled Signal Corridor with Platooning-Based CAVs,  <i>ASCE Journal of Transportation Engineering, Part A: System</i>,（**SCI, IF:2.252**）
4. **<u>Song, L.</u>** and Fan, W.#, (2023). Intersection capacity adjustments considering different market penetration rates of connected and automated vehicles. <i>Transportation Planning and Technology</i>（**SCI**）
5. Li, Y., Fan, W., **<u>Song, L.</u>** and Liu, S. (2022). Combining Emerging Hotspots Analysis with XGBoost for Modeling Pedestrian Injuries in Pedestrian-Vehicle Crashes: A Case Study of North Carolina, <i>Journal of Transportation Safety & Security</i>. (**SCI, Q3, IF:3.0**) 
6. Yang, T., Fan, W. and **<u>Song, L.</u>** (2022). Modelling Pedestrian Injury Severity in Pedestrian-Vehicle Crashes Considering Different Land Use Patterns: Mixed Logit Approach, Accepted for Publication, <i>Traffic Injury Prevention</i>. (**SCI, IF:1.5**)
7. Hua, C., Fan, W., **<u>Song, L.</u>** and Liu, S. (2022). Analyzing the Injury Severity in Overturn Crashes Involving Sport Utility Vehicles: A Latent Class Clustering and Random Parameter Logit Model, <i>ASCE Journal of Transportation Engineering, Part A: Systems</i>. (**SCI, IF:2.3**)
8. Wu, P., **<u>Song, L.,</u>** Meng, X.# (2022). Temporal analysis of cellphone-use-involved crash injury severities: Calling for preventing cellphone-use-involved distracted driving. <i>Accident Analysis and Prevention</i>, 169, 106625. (**SCI, Q1, IF:5.0**)
9. **<u>Song, L.</u>** and Fan, W.#, (2021). Traffic signal control under mixed traffic with connected and automated vehicles: a transfer-based deep reinforcement learning approach. <i>IEEE Access</i>, 9, 145228-145237. \[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3123273)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Song_2021_IEEE_ACCESS_Traffic_Signal_Control_Under_Mixed_Traffic_With_Connected_and_Automated_Vehicles_A_Transfer-Based_Deep_Reinforcement_Learning_Approach.pdf">PDF</a>\]
10. **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Fan, W.# and Li, Y. (2021). Time-of-day variations and the temporal instability of multi-vehicle crash injury severities under the influence of alcohol or drugs after the Great Recession. <i>Analytic Methods in Accident Research</i>, 32, 100183. (**SCI, Q1, IF:11.8, Ranked 1st in Transportation Journals**)\[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.amar.2021.100183)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Song_AMAR_2021_Time-of-day variations and the temporal instability of multi-vehicle crash injury severities under the influence of alcohol or drugs after the Great Recession.pdf">PDF</a>\]
11. Wu, P., Meng, X.#, **<u>Song, L.</u>** (2021). Bayesian space-time modeling of bicycle and pedestrian crash risk by injury severity levels to explore the long-term spatiotemporal effects. <i>Physica A: Statistical Mechanics and its Applications</i>, 581, 126171. (**SCI, Q2, IF:3.3**) \[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.physa.2021.126171)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/WU_2021_PhysA_Bayesian space–time modeling of bicycle and pedestrian crash risk by injury severity levels to explore the long-term spatiotemporal effects.pdf">PDF</a>\]
12. Wu, P., Meng, X.#, **<u>Song, L.</u>** (2021). Identification and spatiotemporal evolution analysis of high-risk crash spots in urban roads at the microzone-level: Using the space-time cube method. <i>Journal of Transportation Safety and Security</i> (**SCI, Q3, IF:3.0**) \[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1080/19439962.2021.1938323)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/WU_2021_JTSS_Identification and spatiotemporal evolution analysis of high risk crash spots in urban roads at the microzone level Using the space time cube method.pdf">PDF</a>\]
13. Wu, P., **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Meng, X.# (2021). Influence of built environment and roadway characteristics on the frequency of vehicle crashes caused by driver inattention: a comparison between rural roads and urban roads. <i>Journal of Safety Research</i>. (**SCI, Q1, IF: 3.5**)
14. **<u>Song, L.</u>**,  Fan, W.,# Liu, P. (2021). Exploring the effects of connected and automated vehicles at fixed and actuated signalized intersections with different market penetration rates, <i>Transportation Planning and Technology</i>, 44(6), 577-593. (**SCI, Q4, IF: 1.2**) \[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1080/03081060.2021.1943129)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Song_TPT_2021_Exploring the effects of connected and automated vehicles at fixed and actuated signalized intersections with different market penetration rates.pdf">PDF</a>\]
15. **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Li, Y., Fan, W.,# Liu, P. (2021). Mixed Logit Approach to Analyzing Pedestrian Injury Severity in Pedestrian-Vehicle Crashes in North Carolina: Considering Time of Day and Day of Week, <i>Traffic Injury Prevention</i>. (**SCI, Q4, IF: 1.5**) \[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1080/15389588.2021.1940983)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Song_TIP_2021_Mixed logit approach to analyzing pedestrian injury severity in pedestrian vehicle crashes in North Carolina Considering time of day and day of week.pdf">PDF</a>\]
17. **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Fan, W.,# Li, Y., Wu, P. (2021). Exploring Pedestrian Injury Severities at Pedestrian-Vehicle Crash Hotspots with An Annual Upward Trend: A Spatiotemporal Analysis with Latent Class Random Parameter Approach, <i>Journal of Safety Research</i>, 76, 184-196. (**SCI, Q1, IF: 3.5**)\[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jsr.2020.12.008)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Song_2021_JSR.pdf">PDF</a>\]
20. Li, Y., **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Fan, W. (2021). Day-of-week variations and the temporal instability of factors influencing pedestrian injury severity in pedestrian-vehicle crashes: a random parameters logit approach with heterogeneity in means and variances. <i>Analytic Methods in Accident Research</i>, 29, 100152. (**SCI, Q1, IF:11.8, Ranked 1st in Transportation Journals**)\[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.amar.2020.100152)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Li-AMAR-2021-Day-of-week-variations-temporal-instability-pedestrian-injury.pdf">PDF</a>\]
23. **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Fan, W.# (2020). Exploring Truck Driver-Injury Severity at Intersections Considering Heterogeneity in Latent Classes: A Case Study of North Carolina, Accepted for Publication, <i>International Journal of Transportation Science and Technology</i>, 10(2), 110-120. (**EI**)\[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijtst.2020.12.006)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Song_2021_IJIST.pdf">PDF</a>\]
26. **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Li, Y., Fan, W., Wu, P. (2020). Modeling pedestrian-injury severities in pedestrian-vehicle crashes considering spatiotemporal patterns: insights from different hierarchical Bayesian random-effects models. <i>Analytic Methods in Accident Research</i>, 28, 100137.(**SCI, Q1, IF:11.8, Ranked 1st in Transportation Journals**)\[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.amar.2020.100137)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Song_AMAR_2020_pedestrian-vehicle_crashes_considering_spatiotemporal_patterns.pdf">PDF</a>\]
29. **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Fan, W.# (2020). Combined Latent Class and Partial Proportional Odds Model Approach to Exploring the Heterogeneities in Truck-Involved Severities at Cross and T-Intersections, <i>Accident Analysis and Prevention</i>, 144, 105638, September 2020. (**SCI, Q1, IF:5.0**)\[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aap.2020.105638)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Song_AAP_2020_Latent_Class_and_Partial_Proportional_Odds_Model_Truck-Involved_Severities_at_Cross_and_T-Intersections.pdf">PDF</a>\]
32. Wu, P., Meng, X.,# **<u>Song, L.</u>** (2019). A novel ensemble learning method for crash prediction using road geometric alignments and traffic data. <i>Journal of Transportation Safety and Security</i>, 12(9), 1128-1146. (**SCI, Q3, IF:3.0**)\[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1080/19439962.2019.1579288)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Wu-JTSS_2019_ensemble-learning-crash-prediction.pdf">PDF</a>\]
35. Chen, J., Xue, K., **<u>Song, L.</u>**#, et. al. (2019). Periodicity of world crude oil maritime transportation: Case analysis of Aframax Tanker market. Energy Strategy Reviews, 25, 47-55.  (**SCI, Q2, IF:6.4**)\[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.esr.2019.100363)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/EnergyStrategyReviews2019-4.pdf">PDF</a>\]
38. Wu, P., Meng, X.#, **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Zuo, W. (2019). Crash Risk Evaluation and crash severity pattern analysis for different types of urban junctions: fault tree analysis and association rules approaches. Transportation research record, 2673(1), 403-416.  (**SCI, Q4, IF:1.6**) \[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1177/0361198118822817)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/Wu_TRR-Crash-Risk-Evaluation.pdf">PDF</a>\]
41. Wang, X., **<u>Song, L.</u>**#, Wu, Z., Wu, P. (2019). Development of a road shoulder's equivalent sound source traffic noise prediction model. Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers-Transport, 1-10. (**SCI, Q4, IF:1.1**) \[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1680/jtran.18.00105)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/ICE_t_2018_traffic_noise.pdf">PDF</a>\]
50. **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Chen, J.#, Li, K. X., Liu, X., Fei, Y., Yu, H. (2018). Periodical characteristics of shipbuilding market activity: A wavelet analysis. Journal of Marine Science and Technology, 26(5), 692-702. (**SCI, Q4**)\[[DOI](https://jmst.ntou.edu.tw/marine/26-5/692-702.pdf)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/JMST2018-Periodic_Characteristics_of_Shipbuilding_Activity.pdf">PDF</a>\]

**Conference Article:**  
====== 
1. Li, S., Lei, L., Deng, Z., Sheng, B., **<u>Song, L.#</u>** (2024) Dynamic Calibration of Car-following Models Considering Driver Compliance with Speed Limits. World Transportation Conference 2024, 1-18.
2. Xu, P., Zhang, B., Zeng, J., **<u>Song, L.#</u>** (2024). A Machine Learning Framework for Analyzing the Causes of Traffic Accident-Induced Congestion. In CICTP 2024.
44. Wang, X., **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Wu, P., Yu, S. (2019). Analysis of Unconventional Design for Signalized and Closely-Spaced T-Intersections. In CICTP 2019 (pp. 2636-2647). (**EI**) \[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1061/9780784482292.229)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/cota2019.pdf">PDF</a>\]
47. Wang, X., **<u>Song, L.</u>**, Wu, P. (2018, September). A Novel Method of Island Port's Transport: Automatic Guided Vehicle Approach. In 2018 3rd IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Transportation Engineering (ICITE) (pp. 219-224). IEEE. (**EI**) \[[DOI](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICITE.2018.8492567)\]\[<a href="../files/PAPER/ICITE2018-8.pdf">PDF</a>\]
